Create add_feature to allow quickly make specific additions (#600)
abelsiqueira/BestieTemplate.jl: docs/src/91-developer.md

### Adding a new `add_feature(:feature)`

`add_feature(:feature, path)` regenerates a specific subset of template files without re-running the full interactive setup. Each feature is defined by a single `_add_feature` method in `src/friendly.jl`:

```julia
_add_feature(::Val{:my_feature}) = (
  Dict("MyFlag" => true),        # forced_data: always applied, highest priority
  ["path/to/output/file.ext"],   # included_files: only these are regenerated by copier
  ["RequiredField"],             # required_fields: must be resolvable or errors
  false,                         # requires_answers: true = .copier-answers.yml must exist
)
```

**Data merge order** (later wins): answers file → guessed from repo → explicit `data` arg → `forced_data`.

**Checklist to add a new feature:**

1. Add a `_add_feature(::Val{:my_feature})` method in `src/friendly.jl`
2. Ensure the template files in `template/` use the right conditional (e.g. `{% if MyFlag %}filename{% endif %}.jinja`)

> 3. Define the question in `copier/*.yml` if it isn't already
> 4. Optionally add a convenience alias: `my_feature(args...; kwargs...) = add_feature(:my_feature, args...; kwargs...)`
> 5. Add tests in `test/test-only.jl` using the `AddFeatureHelpers` snippet helpers:
>    - `_test_happy_path`: feature generates expected file(s)
>    - `_test_works_without_answers` (if `requires_answers = false`): works when data is guessable
>    - `_test_works_on_bare_project` (if no `required_fields` and `requires_answers = false`): works on a minimal directory
>    - `_test_errors_without_data`: errors when required data is missing
>    - `_test_explicit_data_override` (for features with `required_fields`): verifies `data` arg takes priority

Author: ```suggestion
1. Add a `_add_feature(::Val{:my_feature})` method in `src/friendly.jl`
2. Verify the `_add_feature` information (`included_files` template files in `template/` use the `forced_data` (e.g. `{% if MyFlag %}filename{% endif %}.jinja`; `required_fields` are indeed required`, etc.). Ask for clarification from the user if necessary.
3. Add tests in `test/test-only.jl` using the `AddFeatureHelpers` snippet helpers:
   - `_test_happy_path`: feature generates expected file(s)
   - `_test_works_without_answers` (if `requires_answers = false`): works when data is guessable
   - `_test_works_on_bare_project` (if no `required_fields` and `requires_answers = false`): works on a minimal directory
   - `_test_errors_without_data`: errors when required data is missing
   - `_test_explicit_data_override` (for features with `required_fields`): verifies `data` arg takes priority
```
